.
@ bbcrealitycheck explains why both £ 156m and £ 350m are wrong for the amount the uk sends to the eu each week .
what you are doing here is complaining about paying a loan every month without mentioning that you got a house for it .
a easy example ; you are buying a kettle toaster combo .
two shops , world trade or eu shop of which you are member .
where do you go ?
you 've not added the £ 12b a year membership fee you need to pay to allow you to buy 'cheaper ' goods
that was the 350 a week what i did n't had is the lifetime warranty .
if it breaks the other members will make sure you get a new one .
do n't forget the fringe benefits , the people who make the goods come and live in your house , you can live in theirs but theirs is a shithole
should n't @ twitterid explained this a year ago
also , the figure produced here does not discount the money the eu spends here .
so while it 's what we `` send '' it 's not the full
it 's actually confirming the £ 156m figure as accurate if you remove the royal the eu spends in the uk
in the context of what might be available to `` spend on the nhs instead '' , £ 156m is indeed the correct figure .
is n't it ?
# oops
britain 's prisons see huge rise in eu convicts at £ 150million cost to taxpayer
outrage as uk gives £ 160m in child benefit to eastern europe taxpayers have handed over more than £ 160million in child benefit payments
whatever the figure , £ 1 is too much for this corrupt anti democratic 5 presidents organisation .
am i correct that even the bbc reality check fails to mention the estimated £ 1.5bn ( iirc ) paid to commercial companies for research etc ?
its the reality check according tp the bbc reality not real reality
those are direct costs , it is the indirect costs that accrue .
but lets ignore things like eu taxes for drugs and prostitution etc .
not 2 worry - it 'll all go 2 the # nhs after # brexit
`` it 's what we send to brussels minus some of what is spent in the uk '' if we spend it in the uk we do n't send it to brussels ?
£ 252 per week is too much that equates to £ 13 billion per year on a par with overseas aid .
£ 25 billion which could be spent in uk # brexit
